WinQuake with fixes for 3D modes
--------------------------------

This is a drop-in replacement for the original WinQuake that aims to fix minor
problems with its existing 3D glasses mode.

The interlaced 3D mode can be activated as in the original WinQuake by setting
the LCD_X and LCD_YAW console variables. LCD_X controls the camera offset and
LCD_YAW controls the camera rotation.

Installation
------------

Simply overwrite the existing WinQuake.exe with the new one from this archive.

You will also need the Visual C++ 2008 SP1 runtimes, which can be downloaded
from the following link if you have not installed them previously:

http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=A5C84275-3B97-4AB7-A40D-3802B2AF5FC2

Differences between this version and regular WinQuake
-----------------------------------------------------

1. Non-DIB modes should work. Regular WinQuake displays a distorted image in
fullscreen unless you pass the -dibonly command-line switch. This version
corrects the distortion, but modern versions of Windows don't seem to be very
happy about 256-colour modes so you may still have problems - especially with
multi-monitor configurations. If you get scrambled colours, or even no image
at all, try the -dibonly switch.

2. The crosshair is shown in the middle of the screen. Regular WinQuake puts
it a quarter of the way down the screen.

3. Stereo separation of the player's weapon can be adjusted with a new console
variable, LCD_VIEWMODEL_SCALE. This scales the 3D effect between 0 (2D) and 1
(3D). It defaults to 1, which will render in the same way as regular WinQuake.
The model is so close to the camera that it produces an uncomfortable double
image at all but the most conservative LCD_X settings, so set this to a small
value to "flatten" it (at 0 the weapon will appear like a cardboard cutout).
Note that at small values the reduced 3D effect can place the weapon *behind*
nearby walls or floors. Some experimentation may be required to find a
comfortable setting.

Contact
-------

Found a bug, or have a question? Contact me at benryves@benryves.com